since its foundation in 1872 Hardy has
led the way with a tradition of
innovation spanning a hundred and forty
years originally founded in Anik England
by the hardy brothers as a gunsmiths
white Smith's and Cutler's William and
John James quickly changed the company's
direction to offer superior fishing
tackle with a fast growing reputation to
defend the brothers quickly started to
design their own products resulting in
some of the greatest developments in the
history of high-performance fishing
tackle and ultimately leading to Royal
warrants and countless industry and
consumer awards today Hardy products are
designed and developed by a team of
dedicated anglers and engineers who
combine some of the most advanced
technology and materials with a lifetime
of fishing knowledge equipping angle is
the world over with ever lighter
stronger and higher performing equipment
manufactured with skill passion and
pride
whether you fish the mighty Atlantic
salmon rivers of the North intimate
trout streams in your own backyard will
seek the ultimate saltwater challenges
at the ends of Earth when the last cast
has been made and the last tale has been
told you can feel a sense of pride that
you chose the right equipment and the
right companion to share your time on
the water little hardy exists to evoke
pride of ownership through pioneering
innovation